ONKAR YADAV

Pune, Maharashtra 413102
9881826367
onkaryadav096@gmail.com
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/onkar-yadav-b79426174/

Websites, Portfolios, Profiles

https://www.linkedin.com/in/onkar-yadav-b79426174/

Professional Summary

Experienced Frontend Developer with over 4+ years of hands-on experience in Vue JS, JavaScript, Node JS. Demonstrated success in delivering high-quality software solutions aligned with business objectives and elevated user experiences. Collaborates effectively with cross-functional teams, including Backend, UX, QA, and Define/Stakeholders.

Work History

April 2022 - Current

Dassault Systems Lab Private Limited - Pune, Maharashtra
Software Engineer Specialist    

Working on all phases of SLDC with agile methodology
Developed frontend components of CRM software using Vue JS, JavaScript, HTML5, CSS, ensuring high performance and responsiveness across different devices and browsers
Collaborated with backend developers to integrate frontend interfaces with RESTful APIs, ensuring seamless data flow and functionality
Developed reusable components that significantly reduced development effort on multiple projects.
Worked on continuous upgrades of Sandbox project
Worked on different tools like for version control tool GIT, SVN, Sonar9^ etc
Worked closely with UI/UX designers to implement design mockups, ensure alignment user experience goals
Consistently met project deadlines by effectively managing time and prioritizing tasks according to importance.
Collaborated with management, internal and development partners regarding software application design status and project progress.
Conducted thorough code reviews to identify potential areas for improvement, ultimately enhancing code quality across all projects handled by the team.
Integrated new technologies into existing systems, increasing capabilities and improving overall performance.

March 2021 - April 2022

Dassault Systems Lab Private Limited - Pune, Maharashtra
Associate Software Engineer    

Worked on Dassault first CRM software product and having good knowledge of project communication
Developed well-organized training materials for end-users, enabling seamless adoption of new software features.
Migrate code base from Vue JS 2 to Vue JS 3 and for store management VUEX to Pinia
Worked on write clean maintainable, testable code using best practice in frontend development
Collaborated with cross-functional teams to develop, test, and deploy high-quality software solutions for clients.
Troubleshoot and debug issue in web application and provide solution to improve performance and user experience
Created proofs of concept for innovative new solutions.

Extra-Curricular Activities

Drawing: Love to draw in my free time. It's a way to express myself creatively and try out different art styles. Traveling: Exploring new places and experiencing different cultures. It helps to learn about the world and appreciate its diversity.

Awards

Awarded by HAVING THE PASSION TO LEARN for extraordinary performance and development in project.
1st winner of project presentations in CRETECHNOVA 2k19 state level technical event.

Roles And Responsibilities

Developing high-quality, stable code using appropriate design patterns.
Functioning in an Agile-enabled environment and following Scrum methodology.
Cross team collaboration, On-boarding and mentoring new joiners in the team and Production Support.

Skills

JavaScript

Node JS

React JS

Vue JS

PINIA

Redux

Git

Software development lifecycle

Sonar 9^

Web technologies

3DExperience Platform

Education

January 2021
CDAC Pune, India
Diploma Advance Computing

January 2019
S.V.P.M College of Engineering Pune, India
B.E E & TC